README.md, before:

# ESCAPE AAI documentation

The [ESCAPE IAM instance][escape-iam] is now available.

Registration is active. Users can authenticate via Google, IAM and using their
EduGAIN IdP (if necessary attributes are provided by the IdP). 

IAM documentation is available [here][iam-docs].

Client applications can be registered following these
[instructions][client-registration].

VOMS support is enabled. To link an X.509 certificate to an existing IAM escape
account, follow these [instructions][x509-linking]. As in VOMS, multiple
certificates can be linked to an account.

## ESCAPE VO configuration

- [VOMSES](./voms-config/voms-escape.cloud.cnaf.infn.it.vomses)
- [LSC](./voms-config/voms-escape.cloud.cnaf.infn.it.lsc)

## The WLCG JWT Profile

Token-based authorization in the ESCAPE data lake will be realized extending
the work done in the context of the [WLCG Authorization Working group][wlcg-authz-wg],
in particular on the [WLCG JWT profile][wlcg-jwt-profile].

For an introduction on the topic, see the presentations linked below.

## Presentations

- [ESCAPE AAI Webinar (April 2020)][escape-aai-webinar]
- [ESCAPE AAI presentation (joint WP2/WP5 Workshop, July 2019)][escape-aai-slides-020719]

[wlcg-authz-wg]: https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGAuthorizationWG
[wlcg-jwt-profile]: https://zenodo.org/record/3460258
[escape-iam]: https://iam-escape.cloud.cnaf.infn.it
[iam-docs]: https://indigo-iam.github.io/docs
[client-registration]: https://indigo-iam.github.io/docs/v/current/user-guide/client-registration.html
[x509-linking]: https://indigo-iam.github.io/docs/v/current/user-guide/account-linking/x509.html
[escape-aai-slides-020719]: https://indico.in2p3.fr/event/19214/contributions/73463/attachments/54261/70956/ESCAPE-AAI-020719.pdf
[escape-aai-webinar]: https://indico.in2p3.fr/event/21072/

Commit message:

Updated VOMS configuration information
After certificate and CA change at INFN.

README.md, after:

# ESCAPE AAI documentation

The [ESCAPE IAM instance][escape-iam] is now available.

Registration is active. Users can authenticate via Google, IAM and using their
EduGAIN IdP (if necessary attributes are provided by the IdP). 

IAM documentation is available [here][iam-docs].

Client applications can be registered following these
[instructions][client-registration].

VOMS support is enabled. To link an X.509 certificate to an existing IAM escape
account, follow these [instructions][x509-linking]. As in VOMS, multiple
certificates can be linked to an account.

## ESCAPE VO configuration

- [VOMSES](./voms-config/voms-escape.cloud.cnaf.infn.it.vomses)
- [LSC](./voms-config/voms-escape.cloud.cnaf.infn.it.lsc)

To have a working VOMS configuration for the ESCAPE VO:

- place the lsc file in the `/etc/grid-security/vomsdir/escape` directory
- place the vomses file in the `/etc/vomses directory` (only needed if you need to do voms-proxy-init)

The latest supported VOMS clients are required (i.e., voms-proxy-init v. >=3 ).
Also note that this VO is supported by IAM, i.e. there are no VOMS Admin
endpoints that can be used to generate Gridmap files.

## The WLCG JWT Profile

Token-based authorization in the ESCAPE data lake will be realized extending
the work done in the context of the [WLCG Authorization Working group][wlcg-authz-wg],
in particular on the [WLCG JWT profile][wlcg-jwt-profile].

For an introduction on the topic, see the presentations linked below.

## Presentations

- [ESCAPE AAI Webinar (April 2020)][escape-aai-webinar]
- [ESCAPE AAI presentation (joint WP2/WP5 Workshop, July 2019)][escape-aai-slides-020719]

[wlcg-authz-wg]: https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/LCG/WLCGAuthorizationWG
[wlcg-jwt-profile]: https://zenodo.org/record/3460258
[escape-iam]: https://iam-escape.cloud.cnaf.infn.it
[iam-docs]: https://indigo-iam.github.io/docs
[client-registration]: https://indigo-iam.github.io/docs/v/current/user-guide/client-registration.html
[x509-linking]: https://indigo-iam.github.io/docs/v/current/user-guide/account-linking/x509.html
[escape-aai-slides-020719]: https://indico.in2p3.fr/event/19214/contributions/73463/attachments/54261/70956/ESCAPE-AAI-020719.pdf
[escape-aai-webinar]: https://indico.in2p3.fr/event/21072/
